First draft of exercises (#1)
temporalio/edu-converters-go-code: samples/composite-converter/README.md

# Customizing the Composite Data Converter

This example shows how you can customize the Composite Data Converter by adding an additional Payload Converter. This sample uses the same logic as Exercise #1, but instead of providing a Custom Codec, it provides a new Payload Converter.

## Part A: Add an Additional Payload Converter to the Composite Converter

In `starter/main.go`, in the `main()` function before creating your `client()`, a new Composite Data Converter is initialized as follows:

```go
dataConverter := converter.NewCompositeDataConverter(
    converter.NewNilPayloadConverter(),
    converter.NewByteSlicePayloadConverter(),
    converter.NewProtoJSONPayloadConverter(),
    converter.NewProtoPayloadConverter(),
    compositeconverter.NewCustomPayloadConverter(),
    converter.NewJSONPayloadConverter(),
)
```

> This matches the sequence of the default Composite Data Converter, while adding a `NewCustomPayloadConverter()` as the second-to-last step before the `NewJSONPayloadConverter()`. The `NewJSONPayloadConverter()` is a fallback that serializes most values (eg strings) that are not caught by the preceding Nil/ByteSlice/Protobuf converters, so this is generally a good place to add a new Payload Converter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This matches the sequence of the default Composite Data Converter, while adding a `NewCustomPayloadConverter()` as the second-to-last step before the `NewJSONPayloadConverter()`. The `NewJSONPayloadConverter()` is a fallback that serializes most values (e.g., strings) that are not caught by the preceding Nil/ByteSlice/Protobuf converters, so this is generally a good place to add a new Payload Converter.
```
